[Music]
yes
in paradise in the end they are
going to convert it into a live show when they
have been recording for two weeks but if we are
going to see how they are going to carry it out, they are going to bring
the collaborators
and family members to the turntables and they are going to do a live show
that I think Carlos
Sobera is going to present today with what they are going to do is
present the videos that have already been
recorded
for
us so that they are going to copy us it is
that you cannot you look immaculate or in other words it is
one it is like the island of temptation it is
no Enrique continues with the subject in the
recorded format and in that sense yes
I grew up live before all this that they
voted the typical no because that thing of
voting gets really hooked on people
because it is as if you gave it a
little more of yourself and I vote no and it could not be
better said and they empathize more and enter more
into the games but this recording thing is like they
come to the church of the island of
temptations so that it gets you
really hooked Raquel told me says Pepe says
days ago two weeks without seeing Amar
says because they are going to be two weeks
bust we have been recording for two weeks and
then  they will start to play what they have
recorded and then for two weeks
you will not know if he is cheating and has gone
off with the other woman if he has done well there may
be many more but they were no longer
together
Pepa they are
not together they have not been together since before
Pepa entered I am Saturday
look look she
was talking to Omar until 5 in
the morning the day they were already starting to
record
and they got
angry
exclusives how could the future be the
new Avilés I could stay in
Bill's position and calmly I was not
angry they
were not angry and I tell you until
5 in the morning talking because the
next day they already had to hand in the
cell phones to begin
the great task for which he has
worked later
with his statements
gentlemen and ladies exclusives let's see to
know it may be it may or may not
be anger but just in case a well since it
is
exactly the mother but Javi you have to
get a sign like the
beach bars
exclusive she
has not
told me anything bad
or any statements but
Lara's that said that as if there was as if there was going to be a
lot  finger wiggle not even
for that
they were going to make the statements in the
previews javi in ​​the previews because they have
said that and such I understand that raquel
is angry but i understood
that they had some kind of breakup
before entering what they have done
ruben omar's mother told raquel raquel we are not
going to continue them together but since i
am going to enter the reality show and i don't know what
you are going to do or what i am going to
do we left it on stand by on
stand by but they continued as a couple
friends are they
sound good to me now yes during
this time that we are separated we
urgently need to sleep with another person well it has
come up to me is that we found out from
others of our friend our life be
friends of omar of raquel and mine that
possibly someone
in the contest was going to go for omar
carrying his scream
yesterday they told me no because this
person who supposedly lives and for
omar has a piece of boyfriend with a lot of
money in miami let's see are you
telling me that telecinco with its
psychological team has put someone inside
nightmare in paradise who can
connect with omar
but I didn't
have one  call which is the one I'm
telling you, they told me that Alisa isn't
even going to think about it because she has a great
boyfriend with a lot of bills and she's not
going to risk it by being in
videos a lot, not because she wants him at
all because she says she's outrageous
with him,
they're the real
euros, she can calmly say
[Laughter]
these studies are worth two, it was worth
staying home today, besides, look, look,
Ibal has two 50-inch screens behind him
[Music]